as Muhammad Ali said impossible is just
a word thrown around by small men who
find it easier to live in the world
they've been given and to explore the
power they have to change it and that's
the thing you have to remember this
world everything you see around you your
self your mindset your beliefs it's all
malleable everything about your life is
a choice everything that you see in your
life from your job to your bank account
to your spouse to your loneliness to
your happiness to all of it everything
is the result of the choices that you've
made everything is either a result of
what you've chosen to accept or chosen
to change so the question that you're
going to answer with your life is
whether you're somebody who just takes
it or whether you're somebody who takes
it and does something with it and as
Michael Jordan said you must expect
great things of yourself before you can
do them before you can make these
changes before you can grab life and
shape it into what you want you've got
to be willing to believe that you can do
it you've got to make a demand of
yourself that you're going to do
something great that you are going to
become capable of the extraordinary you
have to place that demand on you and
whatever you accept from yourself is
what you'll get but if like Larry Bird
you understand that if you give 100% all
the time somehow things will work out
then you might actually have a chance of
taking those ephemeral dreams taking
those things that the small men tell you
are impossible and making them possible
and when you look around at this
extraordinary world and see all the
amazing wonders that we have created
with our hands and understand that first
it started with someone who allow
themselves to believe held themselves to
a standard made enormous demands of
themselves including the demand to take
action including the demand to put in a
hundred percent effort at all times once
you realize that once you realize there
is no difference between you and the
people who have built all of these
incredible things then you'll be able to
do something extraordinary with your
life so we make that demand with use to
be one of the small people that watch on
like it to light rap to the word
impossible who find solace in comfort in
believing that they can do something
because it means they never have to try
[Music]
the long veil
embarrass yourself be terrible pick
yourself up learn from that try again
with you to listen to anyone that tells
you that you can't do it and in that not
only find the limits of what you're
capable of but push them back and
redefined for everyone the very notion
of what's possible
[Music]